hey hey guys I got an eye tracker
I watched Greek god use one on his
livestream and I I was so curious about
using one so I bought one right away I
have it here so I have it very neatly
stacked on my monster can but yeah it's
basically staring into my eyes I don't
feel it or anything like that
you're supposed to put it on a laptop
but I didn't have a laptop let's try it
out I never tried it out before Toby
eye-tracking okay here we go whoa oh
it's working
whoa this is freaky stuff okay this'll
definitely be interesting oh my god this
is so weird it works pretty good I would
say
I'm trying to like cheat it all right so
I tweeted I testing out eye tracker and
linked me some videos I should watch
good good start on this video oh my god
no okay this is not funny
oh this is stressful man sexiest girl on
Twitch
okay sure oh my god
stop I'm not a drip oh my god it's
everywhere what is YouTube this is not
interesting I don't feel like if I if I
have a face-to-face with someone I don't
really struggle with like trying to peek
or something like that but if it's in my
peripheral and I don't know what's there
your subconscious sort of takes over
I don't have a problem with me oh my god
you see what happens this is so annoying
stupid twitch thoughts I just feel like
they win over me okay and they're not
gonna win over me stupid twitch thoughts
no I am engaged I don't need this here
we go to some real quality shower
thoughts with cinnamon toast can no good
video Ken sorry sorry not doing it for
me ken I'm sorry it's not it's really
interesting I didn't realize my
subconscious great it's the emotion of
the bikini your favorite girl Amanda
Cerny
[Music]
it's not hard it's really not hard I
think I need something with some
peripheral stuff oh my god oh my god the
peripherals stop try not to look okay
not even hard
if a girl dresses like that she wants
you to look right am I crazy for
thinking that I might some sort of
misogynistic I'm not gonna let them win
over me all right I love myself more
than my law boobs okay so I don't care
selective attention test okay is a test
of selective attention yep count how
many times the players wearing white
pass the basketball okay
how many passes I did you count I don't
know 12 or 13 the correct answer oh my
god I missed so many oh my god that was
epic but did you see the gorilla what oh
my god are you kidding no no there was
no gorilla this stupid gorilla stupid
gorilla oh my god I'm an idiot my god
it's really interesting how you really
just look at a specific spot on the
screen right you see the whole screamer
you do you're literally just looking at
one spot I never realize how focused our
vision is here comes the real challenge
impressive bulges no oh my god
the hoho look up Felix look up no no
dammit don't don't look at the bulge
don't fit don't that don't think about
the bulge you're completely fine why am
i do ah no no I'm not doing that I'm not
doing that
Jesus Christ
[Music]
oh my god seriously Oh No
the real challenge the game
[Music]
oh my god I'm trying to look away I mean
I don't need two other guys I don't need
to look away I don't need to try to
maintain in any form or self-control
because I have plenty and more to look
at at home okay I have a hot beautiful
girlfriend and I don't need to be
distracted by twitch thoughts okay
genuinely not interested this is
pathetic you think I would fall for this
mean I don't think so now that's what
I'm talking about oh yeah oh yeah no
shame
yes what the hell is what does that mean
this is the same picture
YouTube is so perverted
[Laughter]
my track here is so much bigger Hey I
can't look whatever it doesn't matter
top 5 minecraft sexy animations okay
why this is so dumb okay
[Music]
what am I watching legendary boob scene
so
[Laughter]
my kid loves the high school of the dead
so there should be no shame here oh my
god
you know why cerrado
[Music]
oh my god
always so that he can again hey hey hey
hey hello no I see why they think it's a
legendary boob scene I saw it right away
shut up damn it
guess I'm not a true Barcelona fan oh no
those are some lovely cupcakes right
there they look delicious if you saw the
diner first thing oh my god all right
well Brad too is gonna have to do some
godlike editing on this video to censor
everything pretty fun to try out I think
it would be cool to use this for gaming
and stuff like that thank you for
leaving a like on this video let me know
if there's anything else you wanted me
to try out with the eye tracker and as
always goodbye
[Music]
like this when you wanna hit a flo rida
like right now chop this up it never
stopped running pretty city and I'm
never gonna fly
tell me when it go I'm like whenever I'm
done with this pass to Mike that Edgar